CASSSIDECAR-465: Improve HTTP 429 handling across sidecar server and … (#374)
apache/cassandra-sidecar: CHANGES.txt

0.5.0
-----

>  * Improve HTTP 429 handling across sidecar server and client (CASSSIDECAR-465)

Reviewer: The patch include 2 fixes. I am fine with it. Just need to reflect it correctly in the change log. 

```suggestion
 * Support retrying on HTTP 429 responses and fix duplicate immediate execution in RequestExecutor retry scheduling (CASSSIDECAR-465)
```
